Where is my pension?!
내 펜션이 어디지?!

Due to numerous requests from our community, the Chinese translation is being started.
우리의 커뮤니티의 무수한 요청에 따라서 중국어 번역이 시작되었습니다.

Complete redesign of the main menu.
메인 메뉴 재디자인을 완성했습니다.

New tabs "news" and "achievements" added.
새로운 탭 "소식"과 "업적"을 추가했습니다.

Sell useless products at exorbitant prices and get 5% to monthly income.
쓸모없는 상품들을 엄청난 가격에 판매하고 월간 수입으로 5%를 받습니다.
//exorbitant 엄청난

Samsonov A. V.
샘소노프 A. V.

The salary system and the pricing policy have been reworked.
급여 시스템과 가격 정책이 재구축되었습니다. 

Filatov S. P. was the fifth and the youngest child in a poor family.
필라토프 S. P.는 불우한 가정의 다섯째이자 막내였습니다.

It is quite problematic to have and raise 5 children in the country's hinterland.
도시의 배후지에서 다섯의 아이를 가지고 기르는 것은 꽤나 골 아팠습니다.
//hinterland 배후지, 상권

His father was a policeman and mother was a history teacher.
그의 아버지는 경찰이었고 어머니는 역사 선생님이었습니다.

She instilled in the child a love of learning.
그녀는 아이들에게 배움의 즐거움을 주입했습니다.
//instill 주입하다

When Filatov was 12 years old, his parents died in a car crash other 3 brothers, so he lived in an orphanage with his sister.
필라토프가 12살이 되었을 때, 그의 부모님은 다른 형제 3명과 함께 자동차 사고로 죽게 되었고, 따라서 그는 고아원에서 그의 누이와 살게되었습니다.

At the age of 16 Filatov was taken away by a foster family, separating him from his sister.
필라토프가 16살의 나이에 위탁 가정으로 가게되면서 그의 누이와 떨어졌습니다.
//foster family 위탁 가정

His foster father was the rector of the Institute of Philology, and foster mom worked as a paramedic.
그의 위탁 아버지는 문헌학회의 총장이었고, 위탁 어머니는 군의관으로 일했습니다.
//rector 총장, philology 문헌학, paramedic 낙하산 분대 군의관

They helped Filatov to go to college, where he graduated with honors.
그들은 필라토프가 대학에 진학하는 것을 도왔습니다, - 
//

The example of his own mother, who gave her whole life to teaching history, motivated Filatov to follow in her footsteps and become a teacher, particularly as he liked to share new knowledge with others, and he loved children.
역사를 가르치는 것에 그녀의 생애를 바친 그의 어머니가 그 예시로, 필라토프는 그녀의 발자취를 따르는 것이 동기가 되어서, 특히 그가 새로운 지식을 타인과 나누고 아이들을 사랑했으므로, 선생님이 되었습니다. 
//

From the age of 24, Filatov taught at a school.
24살 부터 필라토프는 학교에서 가르치기 시작했습니다.

In his old age he realized that it is impossible to work for pennies, because the state pays a meager salary.
그의 노년기에 그는 돈을 벌기 위해 일하는 것은 불가능하다는 것을 깨달았는데, 주에서 적은 봉급을 지불했기 때문입니다.

He can't even buy some necessary meds.
그는 필요한 약품도 구매할 수 없었습니다.

Only time will tell how he will outlive in these harsh conditions.
오직 시간만이 그가 이런 열악한 환경에서 얼마나 오래 살지 알려줄 것 입니다.
//outlive 오래 살다

As a surgeon in the city hospital, Dr. Panko have to participate in the treatment of the citizens.
도시 병원의 외과의로서, 의사 판코는 도시민 치료에 참여해야 했습니다.

Different patients ??different medical issues.
다른 환자들, 다른 의학적 문제들.

Solve medical puzzles that affect a person's life.
한 사람의 삶에 영향을 주고 있는 의학적 퍼즐을 풀기.

Enlists the help of other doctors and staff, whom you can hire for a certain amount.
당신이 특정 양만큼 고용할 수 있는 다른 의사와 스태프의 도움을 들이십시오.

They will increase the percentage of successful outcome of your treatment.
그들은 당신의 치료의 결과의 성공 확률을 증가시킬 것입니다.

There is a choice: expensive but successful, or cheap but risky.
여기 선택이 있습니다: 비싸지만 성공적이기, 값싸지만 위험성이 높음.

Alexander was born in a family of a successful businessman.
알렉산더는 성공적인 사업가의 가족에서 태어났습니다.

His father built a large construction company, so the family didn't need anything.
그의 아버지는 대형 건설 회사를 지었고, 따라서 그 가족은 어떤 것이 필요하지도 않았습니다.

After finishing a good school, Sasha put his parents in front of the fact: he will build his own life and refuses financial support of his parents.
좋은 학교를 졸업한 후에, 사샤는 그의 가족들을 사실에 마주하도록 했습니다: 그는 그 스스로의 삶을 살 것이고 그의 부모님의 재정적 지원을 거부할 것입니다.

At first, this was a blow to the father, who saw his son as the successor to his business, but then treated his choice with respect.
먼저, 이것은 사업의 후계자로 알렉산더를 고려하고 있었던 그의 아버지에게 타격이었으나, 곧이어 그의 선택은 존중받았습니다.
//blow 타격

He entered a prestigious University, where he studied with dignity.
그는 그가 긍지를 가지고 공부할 수 있는 권위 있는 대학에 입학했습니다.

After graduating from the faculty of Economics for a year, he tried to find an interesting and, of course, profitable occupation.
1년간 경제 학부를 졸업한 후, 그는 흥미를 찾으려고 노력했고, 물론, 수익을 얻을 수 있는 직장도 찾아보았습니다.

In the end, he came to the conclusion that it was necessary to open his own business.
결국, 그는 그만의 사업을 여는 것이 필요하다는 결론에 닿았습니다.

The main problem was the lack of start-up capital.
가장 큰 문제는 시작 자금 부족이었습니다.

Eventually, he realized that you can provide people with rare and interesting things that they are willing to pay for.
마침내, 그는 값을 지불할 용의가 있는 사람들에게 희귀하고 흥미로운 것들을 제공할 수 있다는 것을 깨달았습니다.

So he decided to open an international company that sells everything possible that can only be found in the world.
그래서 그는 세계에서 발견할 수 있는 모든 것을 파는 국제 회사를 열기로 결정했습니다.

In an attempt to find ways to implement such an idea, he comes to the decision to go to Flawless Corp.
이런 생각을 실행할 수 있는 방법을 찾으려는 시도 끝에, 그는 회사 Flawless에 가는 결정을 내렸습니다.

After reviewing their business support program, Sasha finally decides to sign a contract.
그들의 사업 도움 프로그램을 검토한 후, 사샤는 마침내 계약을 결정했습니다.

The Corporation provides start-up capital and the necessary resources to start a business.
회사는 시작 자금과 사업을 시작하는 데에 꼭 필요한 자원을 제공했습니다.

The only person who doubts the correctness of what is happening is Kostya, a friend of Sasha, who has already dealt with this Corporation, acting as a lawyer for deceived and bankrupted entrepreneurs....
발생하고 있는 일의 올바름을 보증하는 유일한 사람은, 이미 이 회사와 업무 처리를 해본 적이 있고, 망하고 파산한 회사의 변호사로 일하고 있는, 사샤의 친구인 코스티아였습니다....

Sell useless products at exorbitant prices and get 5% to monthly income.
쓸모없는 상품을 엄청난 가격에 판매하고 5%를 월간 수입으로 받습니다.

From time to time, you don't have to do business very honestly.
때때로, 당신은 사업을 할 때 매우 솔직할 필요가 없습니다.

Happiness with a probability of 1/2 either increases by 15% or falls by 15%.
행복도가 50% 확률로 15% 증가하거나 15% 감소합니다.
