Great wealth of experience and general characteristics, also his father's connections, allowed Anton to get a job at the central hospital in the city of N..
대단한 부의 경험과 인자한 성품, 또한 그의 아버지의 연줄, 안톤은 N.의 도시의 중앙 병원에서 일자리를 얻게 되었습니다.
//great wealth of experience , city of N

Here, in his native quiet city of N, begins a new chapter of Anton's life....?
여기, 그의 날때부터 차분한 도시 N, 안톤의 삶의 새 챕터가 시작된다....?
//그의 고향인 차분한 도시 N

He was born in the family of the metallurgical plant director in the city of N.
그는 N이라는 도시의 금속 공학 공장 관리인의 가정에서 태어났습니다.
//metallurgical 금속 공학

Despite the high wealth of his family, Anton grew up quiet and assiduous child, who knows the words work and diligence.
그의 가족의 높은 부에도 불구하고, 안톤은 조용하고 부지런한, 일과 근면이라는 말을 아는 아이로 자랐습니다.
//assiduous 부지런한 diligence 근면

He didn't have many friend, most likely because of his modesty.
그는 친구가 많이 없었는데, 그의 겸손이 큰 이유가 되었습니다.
//modesty 겸손

One day everything changed "Anton met Nikolai" his truly best friend.
어느날 모든 것이 변했습니다 "안톤이 니콜라이를 만났다" 그의 진정한 단짝 친구.
//어느날 안톤이 그의 진정한 단짝 친구 "니콜라이"를 만났고 모든 것이 변했습니다.

Nikolai lived on the floor above, and their parent knew each other, so their friendship was only encouraged.
니콜라이는 아래층에 살았고, 그들의 부모는 서로 잘 알았기 때문에, 그들의 우정은 단지 격려받았습니다.
//only encouraged

Nikolai was a ringleader; without whom nothing took place.
니콜라이는 주모자였습니다; 그가 없다면 어떤 일도 발생하지 않을 정도로.
//ringleader 주모자 -> 니콜라이의 영향력을 설명 또는 그의 성격이 개차반임을 암시함

He was the only one, who helped Anton to overcome his insularity.
그는 오직 한 사람, 안톤이 그의 고립감을 극복할 수 있는 사람이었습니다.
//insularity 고립감

Finishing school with a gold medal, Anton decided to go to a good medical University and asked parents to help with.
고등학교를 수석으로 졸업하고, 안톤은 좋은 의대에 진학하고자 결정했으며 부모에게 도움을 요청했습니다.

Passed all the exams perfectly, Anton was enlisted at the State Medical University, located in the regional center.
모든 시험을 완벽하게 통과했고, 안톤은 지역 센터에 위치한 주립 의대에 입학했습니다.

Anton wanted to follow in the footsteps of his grandfather and become a surgeon, believing that this way he would not only be able to realize his own ambitions, but also to help people.
안톤은 이 길이 그가 가진 스스로의 야망을 자각할 수 있을 뿐더러, 사람들을 도울 수 있는 방법이라고 믿음을 가지며, 그의 할아버지의 발자취를 따라서 외과의가 되고 싶었습니다. 

Nikolai was enlisted too, but he decided to be a traumatologist.
니콜라이도 입학했지만, 외상학자가 되기로 결정했습니다.
//surgeon, traumatologist - difference

Time passed and friends finished their study: Nikolai went to their hometown and Anton, graduated the internship with excellent recommendations, decided to realize himself in the big city.
시간이 흘렀고 친구들은 그들의 학업을 마쳤습니다: 니콜라이는 그의 고향으로 갔고, 훌륭한 제안으로 인턴십을 졸업한, 안톤은 큰 도시에서 그 스스로를 깨닫기로 결심 했습니다.

He got a job in a good clinic, where he received a decent salary.
그는 괜찮은 급여를 받는 좋은 병원에 일자리를 구했습니다.
//decent 어지간한, 친절한, 괜찮은

His girlfriend Anastasia became a loyal and loving wife and everything was great until something went wrong.
그의 여자친구 아나스타샤는 각별해졌고 사랑스러운 부인과 모든 것은 뭔가 이상해지기 전까지 훌륭했습니다.
//became a loyal, full sentence 

Anton began to drink a lot, passing the time in front of TV.
안톤은 TV앞에서 시간을 보내면서, 술을 너무 많이 마시기 시작했습니다.

Anton was apparently prone to depression and that played a key role in the process of self-destruction.
안톤은 분명히 우울증에 취약해졌고 그건 자기 파멸의 길에 큰 역할을 했습니다.

Anastasia couldn't stand it and left him, breaking his heart, so he began to drink heavily.
아나스타샤는 그를 지지할 수 없어서 떠났고, 그의 마음이 무너지면서, 그는 더욱 더 과음했습니다.

Nikolai was the only one who could get him out of this hole.
니콜라이는 그를 그 구멍에서 끄집어 낼 수 있는 유일한 사람이었습니다.

During this time, Anton turned from a well-groomed and handsome guy into a sad semblance of his past.
이 시간 동안, 안톤은 잘 관리한 잘생긴 남성에서 그의 과거의 슬픈 외관으로 변했습니다.
//semblance 외관

Having forgotten about hygiene and simply self-care, he was a typical homeless alcoholic.
위생과 단순한 자기 관리에 대해서 잊고, 그는 별 다를 것 없는 노숙자 알코올 중독자가 되었습니다.

It took some time to get all in order.
모든 것을 제자리로 돌려놓는 것에 시간이 걸렸습니다.

Anton realized that nothing connected him with this city anymore.
안톤은 이 도시에 더이상 연고가 없다는 것을 깨달았습니다.

He left the clinic, sold the apartment, packed his things up, and went back home.
그는 진료소를 떠났고, 아파트를 팔았으며, 그의 모든 것들을 챙겨서, 다시 집으로 돌아왔습니다.

Great wealth of experience and general characteristics, also his father's connections, allowed Anton to get a job at the central hospital in the city of N..
훌륭한 부와 인자한 성품, 그리고 그의 아버지의 연줄, 안톤은 도시 N의 중앙 병원에 새로운 일자리를 구했습니다.

Here, in his native quiet city of N, begins a new chapter of Anton's life....
여기, 그의 고향 도시 N, 안톤 인생의 새 챕터가 시작됩니다....

